BUGFIX: Fix macos cmake config file (#4030)
mozilla-mobile/mozilla-vpn-client: README.md

cmake --build build
```

This will produce the application bundle in `build/src/Mozilla VPN.app`.

> > **Note**: to open the application from the command line, run `open -n build/src/Mozilla\ VPN.app`.

Author: Actually this is better:
```suggestion
> **Note**: to open the application from the command line, run `build/src/Mozilla\ VPN.app/Contents/MacOS/Mozilla\ VPN`.
```
